---
layout: post
title: "Culture"
created_at: 2013-02-21T09:57:07+01:00
comments: false
external-url: 
categories: culture startup
kind: article
---

At least three insightful articles about culture were posted yesterday. I think you should read them.

## [When culture turns into policy][1]

> A fine line exists between spelling out company culture and inadvertently
> engraving it as policy.
>
> -- Mig Reyes


## [What Your Culture Really Says][2]

> Culture is not about the furniture in your office. It is not about how much
> time you have to spend on feel-good projects. It is not about catered food,
> expensive social outings, internal chat tools, your ability to travel all
> over the world, or your never-ending self-congratulation.
>
> -- shanley


## [Culture][3]

> In dysfunctional organizations, or, frankly, in organizations where people
> are unhappy, "intervention" from other sources (often human resources) is
> required because employees don't actually like the culture, nor do they like
> their daily working lives. Entire HR teams are needed to try to convey
> supposed organizational culture (often devised ad hoc) to new employees
> because natural internal cultural diffusion has failed. At this point, it's
> often too late to authentically fix a culture.
>
> -- Ted Nyman


## [You don’t create a culture (from 2008)][4]

It's linked at the end of Mig Reyes' article but it's worth a read as well.

> You don’t create a culture. Culture happens. It’s the by-product of
> consistent behavior. If you encourage people to share, and you give them the
> freedom to share, then sharing will be built into your culture. If you
> reward trust then trust will be built into your culture.
>
> -- Jason Fried

[1]: http://37signals.com/svn/posts/3450
[2]: http://blog.prettylittlestatemachine.com/blog/2013/02/20/what-your-culture-really-says/
[3]: http://ted.io/culture.html
[4]: http://37signals.com/svn/posts/1022-you-dont-create-a-culture
